sql: update br docs about some sql options (#17416)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md

    "RATE_LIMIT" '='? LengthNum "MB" '/' "SECOND"
|   "CONCURRENCY" '='? LengthNum
|   "CHECKSUM" '='? Boolean

> |   "CHECKSUM_CONCURRENCY '='? LengthNum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   "CHECKSUM_CONCURRENCY" '='? LengthNum
```

Use `RATE_LIMIT` to limit the average upload speed per TiKV node to reduce network bandwidth.

> Before backup is completed, `BACKUP` would perform a checksum against the data on the cluster to verify correctness. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the backup is completed, `BACKUP` would perform a checksum against the data on the cluster to verify correctness.
```

> Use `CHECKSUM` to disable the check if you are confident that this is unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `CHECKSUM` parameter to disable the check if you are confident that this verification is unnecessary.
```

> Use `CONCURRENCY` to specify the number of concurrent tasks BR can execute for backing up tables and indices. This parameter controls the thread pool size within BR, optimizing the performance and efficiency of backup operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the number of concurrent tasks that BR can execute for backing up tables and indices, use the `CONCURRENCY` parameter. This parameter controls the thread pool size within BR, optimizing the performance and efficiency of backup operations.
```

Use `RATE_LIMIT` to limit the average upload speed per TiKV node to reduce network bandwidth.

Before backup is completed, `BACKUP` would perform a checksum against the data on the cluster to verify correctness. 

Use `CHECKSUM` to disable the check if you are confident that this is unnecessary.

> Use `CHECKSUM_CONCURRENCY` to controll the concurrency of checksumming in one table (default 4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `CHECKSUM_CONCURRENCY` to control the concurrency of checksum verification in a single table, and the default value is 4.
```

> Use `CONCURRENCY` to specify the number of concurrent tasks BR can execute for backing up tables and indices. This parameter controls the thread pool size within BR, optimizing the performance and efficiency of backup operations.(default 4)
> 
> One task represents one table range (or one index range) according to the backup schemas. If there is one table with one index.there will be two tasks to back up this table. This value should increase if you need to back up lots of tables or indices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `CONCURRENCY` to specify the number of concurrent tasks BR can execute for backing up tables and indices. This parameter controls the thread pool size within BR, optimizing the performance and efficiency of backup operations.

One task represents one table range or one index range, according to the backup schemas. For one table with one index, two tasks are used to back up this table. The default value of `CONCURRENCY` is 4. If you need to back up lots of tables or indices, increase its value.
```
